the world is absolutely crazy right now
this is one of the most interesting
moments of social cultural and economic
transition that I have ever seen so I
wanted to do something that I've never
done before I called upon three of the
leading voices on social cultural
business and economic issues to give
their unfiltered uncensored points of
view so that we can all make sense of
all of this craziness happening before
our eyes they don't always agree on much
but today they thrash it out to see if
they can agree on something we go
through the economy Trump Elon Musk Dei
censorship wokeism and why so many men
are
struggling why are tens of thousands of
millionaires running away from the UK
the terrifying truth and opportunity in
Ai and I ask all of them what is the
most important thing in 2025 that nobody
is talking about with the aim of
reaching Clarity agreement and having a
laugh in the process this is the episode
you probably didn't know you
needed this has always blown my mind a
little bit 53% of you that listen to the
show regularly haven't yet subscribed to
the show so could I ask you for a favor
before we start if you like the show and
you like what we do here and you want to
support us the free simple way that you
can do just that is by hitting the
Subscribe button and my commitment to
you is if you do that then I'll do
everything in my power me and my team to
make sure that this show is better for
you every single week we'll listen to
your feedback we'll find the guest that
you want me to speak to and we'll
continue to do what we do thank you so
much
you guys are three of the best
commentators the most articulate people
I know that also have the most
interesting broad experience and also I
think political background so I wanted
to talk to you about everything that's
going on in the world and I wanted to
ask you guys some of the dumb questions
that I Ponder alone with myself and with
my dumb friends in my WhatsApp group it
feels to me that the world is at a real
moment of transition in many regards so
like social transition cultural
transition economic transition and I
think the US has been a catalyst for all
of that so that's why I wanted to have
this conversation today we've got an
American here Scott I think Scott's the
only American here um we've got
Constantine we've got Daniel who are two
Brits but spend a lot of time between
America as well and so I I I want to
come to Scott first and ask Scott a
question which is a very big broad
question which is from your perspective
Scott you know when I talk about this
feeling of transition that seems to be
like almost inside my chest that we're
at a really historic moment what is your
Anis on this what is the big picture
here what what what's happened over the
last 3 four five six seven months and
how is that going to impact all of us
around the world well if you if you
think of the us as setting setting the
tone economically and maybe even
culturally for the West there's
definitely a reversion away from people
feel that quote unquote wokeism and I
don't like to use that word but I'll use
it here was this sort of overcorrection
to systemic racism and and then it begun
to cause more damage than it was um or
cause more problems than it was solving
and I think there's been a serious kind
of lurch back if you will whether it's
executive actions declaring the Border a
state of
emergency you know stuff around saying
that gender is a thing there's male and
female uh and most of these issues the
actually American public supports I
would say on a more cynical level americ
used to be a platform for Prosperity the
protection of civil rights the
projection of women's rights and power
and democracy abroad and I would argue
that it feels like a pretty quick
transition to almost like a you know I
call it a kleptocracy but America's
become a platform for um acquiring
wealth and then leveraging that wealth
uh as a means or appr proxy of power and
the ultimate example of that was the
launch of two meme coins the Trump and
the Melania coin the day before the
presidency such that this conversation
could have already or might happen this
week and I'll finish here president
Trump it's
Vlad uh we're thinking about stabilizing
our currency or trying to send the
outflows of our of our Reserve so we're
thinking about pulsing in about 600
billion rubles into the Trump coin which
based on my Economist estimation would
take the value of it to a 20 or 30
billion market cap making you one of the
wealthiest men in the world Mr Trump and
none of this would be disclosable or
transparent also in unrelated news we'd
really appreciate you seizing armed
shipments to Ukraine so I think we've
gone kind of full kleptocracy is the way
I would I would describe it are you
optimistic Scott oh I'm a glass half
empty kind of guy I don't I I don't know
if I'm just getting older but no I don't
I don't see a Man convicted of sexual
abuse or found liable who inspired an
Insurrection retaking the White House is
a point of light for the American
Experience
Constantine I I I suspect you'd have a
slightly different view on all of the
above how are you feeling about
everything that happened yesterday did
you watch the inauguration what is your
big picture 30,000 feet view yeah I
think it's incred incredibly unwise to
make you know bold predictions about
what's going to happen over the next six
to seven months I do think uh what
America had at the election and what the
election of Donald Trump represents are
something that we in the UK don't have
which is Choice uh they had a very clear
choice between two very different
perspectives on the world between two
very different approaches between two
very different candidates and ultimately
uh criticisms of President Trump uh are
necessary and legitimate of course they
are but at the end of the day I I
believe having spent quite a lot of time
in America around election time and also
just generally and traveling around real
America not just in you know DC and and
LA and New York um the the reason that
he was elected was that the American
people are not prepared to accept what
Europeans have decided they're prepared
to accept which is manag decline the
American people do not want their
country to become weaker they do not
want it to become poorer they do not
want to impoverish their fellow citizens
through NetZero what they want is their
country to be great their country to be
powerful their country to be influential
um the economic realities for most
Americans are not really reflected in
the figures that we are told so when
people talk about inflation uh the
reality of people's lives on the ground
is that their cost of living has gone up
very very significantly over the last
few years um and that's not always
reflected directly in the in the overall
inflation figure that we're shown
because certain things are much more
influential in people's lives than
others um and so uh whether the decision
to elect President Trump ends up being
um this positive uh thing for which the
there should be lots of optimism is a
matter of uh the next four years are we
going to see um a presidency that really
does everything it promises and by the
way you know if you look at the things
that Donald Trump is
promising uh I think whether you're left
or right you have to acknowledge that
they are things that are worth doing uh
having a secure border so that people
don't come into your country country
legally is a basic duty of government uh
economic Prosperity is a basic duty of
government uh withdrawing America from
uh a kind of simultaneously aggressive
but weak posture around the world where
America sort of says yeah yeah we're
going to get involved in these foreign
conflicts but we're not actually going
to then practically help Ukraine win
that war is is a kind of stupid position
on both whichever side you're on um so
on all of these things and and of course
you know Scott mentioned wokness I think
he's absolutely right that that there is
a massive backlash happening around the
world because lots and lots of people
who were completely apolitical uh until
the last three or four years or meant to
May until 2016 just feel like the world
has gone crazy and suddenly they're
supposed to pretend that men can change
sex and become women and now they're
entitled to be in female prisons and you
know if your teenager says that they are
the opposite sex you're supposed to chop
their breasts off and all of this other
stuff that order people just look at and
go this is crazy like I am liberal but
this isn't liberal this is some kind of
weird thing that's going on and I see I
see the the the backlash against all of
that all over the the the Western world
and I think Donald Trump signifies that
that people are fed up of that and uh I
have been warning for a very long time
that if the the the woke left continues
to exercise this level of influence on
our public debate there reaction will be
the rise of the right and uh Donald
Trump is one of the most uh diplomatic
and pleasant versions of what you're
likely to get if the left keeps going
crazy we will see what challenges the
world throws at him over the next four
years and whether he's capable of
responding to them Scott has the left
lost its way in your view and if so how
did that happen and just to respond on
some of Constantine's points about Trump
being the best of a sort of right wi
Collective are we going to
see right-wing sort of ideology spread
throughout the Western World over the
coming years what's your take on all of
the above um you definitely you know we
Democrats we get it right and then we
just go too damn far and and so I I look
at I'm a I'm a professor on a campus Dei
60 years ago there were 12 black people
at Princeton yel and Harvard combined
that was a problem race based
affirmative action makes sense this this
year more than half of Harvard's
Freshman Class identifies as non-white
but 70% of those non-whites come from
Dual income homes in the upper quintile
of income earning homes the academic gap
between black and white used to be
double what it was between rich and poor
it's now flipped so Dei was a good idea
that quite frankly has gone insane and
now just represents the same racism it
was trying to uh do away with so and
then we created two candidates who were
the only C candidates who could make
make each other viable vice president
Harris given the hand she dealt with did
the best she did I think President Biden
should be buried in a crypted entitled
narcissist who decided that it made
sense for him to to go back on his
pledge to be a transition candidate and
gave us a British style election timing
on the Democratic side without in a in a
marketplace where you need time and
money uh so it was not we did not have a
great candidate there is a a an
understand able swing back from what is
an overcorrection around some of these
issues um you know parents we gave them
a huge issue with transgender rights
there's a there's more padel players in
California than transgender people and
yet the Democrats decided to conflate it
with the civil rights movement and think
that it was okay for a woman who uh
transitioned a transgender woman to
enter a bicycle race and finish 5
minutes before everybody else and then
we all bark up the same tree and decide
that it's inspiring and parents all over
the nation are saying what has you know
we've literally gone crazy where I would
disagree a little bit with Constantine
is that America choosing economic growth
and prosperity there are 190 Sovereign
nations in the world 189 would change
places with America over the last four
years uh we had 71 new record highs in
the markets 97% of all AI we've created
more market capitalization in a 7 mile
radius of eso International Airport than
Europe's created in the last 20 years we
have the lowest inflation in the G7 we
have the highest growth we've grown 10%
since 2020 that's triple the rate of
Europe Biden was unable to communicate
any of that effectively because there's
this psychological Dynamic that when
your wages go up you credit your own
grit and character and when the price of
cereal goes up you blame the president
now similar to the future or what how
William Gibson described the future it's
here it's just not evenly distributed
Prosperity is unprecedented in the US
over the last four years it just wasn't
it just wasn't evenly distributed now
having said that in America you can stop
working in August and you've produced
more and made more money than you have
in Europe the whole year and it has
gotten better it's got it says things
are less bad than anywhere in the world
in the US Biden was unable to
communicate it and then talking about
how great the economy is when rents were
skyrocketing tuition was going up it was
an ineffective strategy but I don't
think it's fair to say Americans chose
Prosperity we have Prosperity I would
argue that quite frankly some of the
Republican ideals around deficit
spending which are nothing but taxes on
future Generations pulled forward I mean
we'll see how that works but the his
signature policies a clamp down on
immigration
tariffs um these things are wildly
inflationary so constant is right it's
going to be difficult it's you don't
know what's going to happen but it feels
to me I would argue the the my favorite
appointment in the Trump Administration
in the adult in the room is the 10-year
bond which is going to say sorry
girlfriend when uh I believe the
president tries to implement some of
these economic policies Constantine is
that true because what I heard there is
that effectively Trump had a better
marketing campaign um and that reality
is somewhat different from what the
Americans were sold in the in the last
election
cycle well politics is about marketing
and Trump is the marketer and chief he's
very good at branding and selling ideas
and partly that's what politics is about
uh but in terms of the economy I I think
Scott is entirely right it's one of the
reasons I admire America so much the
sense of dynamism and economic growth
and the desire to create things and
build things it's an observation I've
had every time I've been there you know
if you if you have a successful
restaurant in the UK you go well I've
got a successful restaurant in America
if you have a successful restaurant you
open a second one and a third one and
you create a chain right so their
attitude to business more broadly is is
is fantastic and I love it but I think
the difference is that I don't think
Americans were comparing the American
economy under Joe Biden to the European
economies they were comparing the
American economy under Joe Biden to the
American economy under Donald Trump in
his first term and also what they expect
him to do for the future when they look
at the fact that he's got real Business
Leaders in government now like V
ramaswami and Elon Musk talking about
government efficiency we have to admit
that all Western countries have a
massively bloated Civil Service what we
call civil service in the UK and the
administrative state in the US that
wastes a huge amount of money uh that
produces very little in terms of output
in many cases and that needs to be slim
down and people I think are very excited
about that and when I talk to Business
Leaders in America including ones that
were never on the Trump train so to
speak so many of them went over to his
side in this election cycle because they
just felt that he was going to uh
continue to accelerate American growth
uh and continue to deliver prosperity
for the American people now Scott's
point about tariffs and all of these
other things uh you know I I I am uh
I've listened to Donald Trump enough now
to know that you not necessarily should
not necessarily be taking him literally
uh I think many of the things he said
says are negotiation tactics and
signaling so when he says I'm going to
build this or do that or do this you
have to sort of read between the lines
when he says you know this will be the
worst thing that you just go he's saying
to people like you better work with me
otherwise this is going to work out
badly for you on all of these things um
and so it remains to be seen whether
he's successful in those tactics at
getting what he wants look America is
always going to be an unequal Society
it's designed in a way that is going to
make it that way in America the focus is
how do we grow the pie in Europe the
focus is how do we divide it up so
everyone gets their Fair little share
right so Americans are about expanding
the pie and then the people who bake the
pie get as much of it as they possibly
can um but the question is can there be
a sense in America that the American
dream is alive that you do not have to
work three gig economy jobs to pay your
rent that you're going to be able to buy
a house that you're going to be able to
afford to have children that you're
going to be able to raise a family
perhaps on a single income something
that most people only dream about
nowadays that's really what this whole
economic conversation is about and we
will see over the next four years if
Donald Trump is able to slightly even
change the direction of travel towards
those things that actually Americans of
my generation and older used to take for
granted as the promise of the country
that they live in I've I've thought a
lot about this over the last couple of
weeks in particular because we're
hearing these big headlines in National
papers in the UK that millionaires are
leaving the UK in historic numbers I
think it's 10,800 millionaires left last
year which is an increase of about 160%
versus the previous year and the general
sentiment in terms of business
confidence in the UK is at a a several
year low so I think it's the lowest
that's been since ju just post pandemic
um there's this I think it's the
Institute of accountants they call up a
thousand accountants every year and they
get they run a survey to see how much
confidence they have in business in this
country and it's Fallen 14 points to
0.2% confidence um in terms of business
there's but there's this bigger
narrative emerging amongst my
entrepreneurial friends that if you want
to start a business right now the best
place to be in the world is to be in
America is to get over to America and to
leave the UK now Dan how does that
square I know you have an accelerator
you speak to lots of entrepreneurs how
does that sort of compare or contrast
with what you're seeing at the moment
yeah 100% the value proposition for the
UK has dropped through the floor uh very
very high tax the E uh the ecosystem of
business is in Decline some of the
smartest people are now in Dubai um some
incredible creators that I know have
moved to Singapore Hong Kong Dubai um
many are going to the USA um so if
people are interested in bigger markets
and bigger opportunities they're into
the USA if they're interested in lower
tax and more um Fringe opportunities
there in the Middle East um and
essentially you know the UK hasn't found
a place in the world I think there are
three business models the UK could go
for um which is either the uh the head
office of Europe which is what we were
when we were inside the EU and everyone
used to come here uh to build a European
business um we could be the back office
of the USA um so the incubator for the
USA a lot of a lot of Smart Companies uh
get to their first 50 million of value
here in the UK and then sell to a US
private Equity Firm or us listed company
um and a lot of us companies are now
actually coming here to poach Talent OR
to Outsource things to the UK uh more
cheaply than they could do it in the US
um the the the wages in the U in the UK
are through the floor compared to what
you would pay in the US especially you
know in Tech roles so very smart people
in the UK are massively devalued um and
then the third option would be to be an
independent uh tax Haven and to go with
the uh low crime low tax uh model of
Dubai Singapore uh you know those kind
of options so we haven't really picked
one of those three yet we're still you
know all these years after brexit and we
haven't said which of those three models
we want to adopt SC you moved here a
couple of years ago to the UK um and
despite everything that's going on in
the UK are you still bullish on this
being a place for entrepreneurship and
business um I I was looking at some
stats before we started this
conversation around the sort of key
areas of concern for me business stats
I've talked about there the drop in
business confidence the entrepreneur
exit that we're seeing but things like
knife crime in the UK are up um 81% over
the last decade which I think is a
symptom probably of something else um
and one of the big things I think a lot
about as an entrepreneur at the moment
is artificial intelligence and our
investment in artificial intelligence
from a Global Perspective is is down
about 2,000% versus a country like
America so you've moved here you've
brought your family here are you bullish
on the UK versus the US from an
entrepreneurs
perspective so the the question I get
most frequently when I speak here is to
compare contrast the US with the UK and
I use a personal anecdote my parents
immigrated to the US from Glasgow and
London when they were 19 and22 they took
enormous risk I've been an entrepreneur
my whole life I'd like to think that a
lot of my successes are my fault that I
inherited sort of that risk-taking DNA
and when I speak to people in the UK I
say the primary difference is you're the
ones that stayed and that is it kind of
comes down to a risk appetite the US has
five times per capita the number of
entrepreneurs it has five times the
dollar volume per startup there's $5
million in Venture Capital waiting to be
deployed for every startup in the US
versus 1 million in
Europe I Lov what Constantine said about
a restaurant I went into this great
little restaurant in so a few weeks ago
called dig in and I loved it so much I
said I left my card and said can you
have the owner I'd like to fund the I'd
like to open another one does he need
money I would never I just would never
do that here I thought that was a really
interesting insight and the and the the
Collision of risk crazy ideas that
occasionally become crazy
genius um and technology and
intellectual property and great
universities results in a company that
no one had heard of five years ago being
worth more than the entire UK stock
market
Nvidia so there's just a an enormous
difference the way I would summarize my
impression of the UK economy I'll I'll
just say London I have no experience in
I I I I I don't go anywhere that's not
walking distance from Marone so my
bubble is pretty opaque but the way I
would describe the economy here is I
love the term the butler economy and
that is all the money I see being made
here is people servicing wealth created
somewhere
else yeah you're either in financial
services servicing with rich people
you're either opening a restaurant or
Hospitality servicing PE rich people but
I don't see a lot of organic wealth
creation I interviewed the two quote
unquote inventors of AI when prestigious
universities my first question is how
the hell were you not able to make any
money if you invented AI why haven't you
be able to capture any money but just
for your listeners my summation of
Europe versus the US after molesting the
Earth for the last 35 years is us is
still the best place to make money and
Europe is still the best place to spend
it is this a failing Nation Scott I
think you have too much going for you to
be described as a failing Nation you
still have amazing universities it's the
second London's still the second best
city in the world premier league is an
unbelievable export I know how
ridiculous that sounds people want to be
here there's still rule of law rule of
play you still produce amazing rock and
roll I just don't I just don't see how
you could say this is a
failed you know I would argue that the
second only to our entry into Iraq the
greatest self-inflicted wound was brexit
like just I an American can't understand
why you decide to increase your prices
while reducing productivity in one one
Fell Swoop we kind it's difficult for us
to wrap our heads around some of the
economic decisions the UK has made but I
think a lot of people are kind of
betting or hoping that the UK begins to
grow again uh so I'm I I'm in a weird
way I'm sort of I would call myself
cautiously optimistic about the UK I
think at some point it registers it
begins to occupy the place it could it
should command if you will Constantine
uh I I would ask the same question as
well do you think the UK is a failing
nation and Scott describes
self-inflicted wounds there I've heard
you speak of self-inflicted wounds when
you talk more broadly about the west and
what the West needs to to do to turn
itself around um and also just layer a
third point on top of that which is
somewhat um linked to this is Elon Musk
has t taken a particular interest in the
UK over the last month in particular um
and he's started to describe it online
it seems as a failing Nation what's your
view well I'm glad you asked me about
Elon Musk because the thing that I love
most about the media having this massive
meltdown about oh no these Americans are
interfering in our political these are
the same media commentators who are
constantly banging on about American
politics and saying Donald Trump needs
to do this you need to vote for this
like all of this stuff is ridiculous the
reality is we download our culture our
politics our music almost everything
from America right they America has
become what Britain used to be which is
the center of Western civil civilization
and my request and ask and begging of
British people is if we're going to
download American culture and politics
let's at least take the good stuff
instead of all this terrible woke [__]
that we downloaded from them the Dei and
all this other nonsense and actually
take the entrepreneurial spirit and all
this all these other things that are
really great about America the optimism
the positivity the willingness to to
have a go to take a risk as Scott Scott
was talking about um so so I I wish we
took more of that and and it speaks to
your question about are we a failing
Nation look uh I think it's it's a
deliberately inflammatory question which
I don't want to U kind of actually
accept in in that way but what I think
we should acknowledge is are we trending
up or are we trending down and when you
talk about over 10,000 millionaires of
left I hear that through a normal
British person's ear and I worry that
there's quite a lot of British people
who will hear that and say oh good all
of these rich parasites have left
because that's our attitude in the UK to
a very large extent we see wealthy
people not as what they are which is for
the most part not everybody but for the
most part people who've created a
tremendous amount of value for their
fellow human beings and as a result of
that have been rewarded we see them
because we you know we have this history
of the landed gentry and so to us a
millionaire is someone who has these
ill-gotten gains that they don't deserve
right that is not really the world we
live in when I talk to wealthy people in
this country and pretty much everywhere
else for the most part especially in the
Western World these are people who've
created something that has fundamentally
helped other human beings do something
better do something easier buy products
cheaper whatever it is that's who the
successful people really are and we just
need an attitude shift that's what we
should be downloading from America what
we should be saying inside our heads is
this person is successful because
they've helped other people great we
want how do we get more of those people
into our country and I'm afraid I'm
telling you something that you know
better than anyone Stephen if you don't
have entrepreneurs in your country
creating businesses and creating jobs
the economy is going to stagnate for the
rest of Eternity we have to get smart
talented driven people into our country
instead of chasing them out Dan I know
this is a subject that you're very
passionate about and um Constantine's
articulated it really really well I've
seen lots of your posts about this
subject Dan what are you saying and is
it true that the British attitude is a
form of self harm that's holding us back
from our
potential there are definitely
attitudinal factors but you'll also get
the most incredibly entrepreneurial
people here in London London is a
Melting Pot for creativity you've got
sitting in one city you've got people
who are phenomenal at media Finance uh
technology ology entertainment politics
defense like all of this like if you
take the best of LA and Washington and
New York and Miami and kind of start
moving it into one city you know you get
elements of that in London um it's a
very diverse City from that point of
view and it creates an entrepreneurial
Melting Pot the issue is taxes um nobody
wants to pay 60% of their income in
taxes uh and as soon as you hit you know
in in the US you don't hit the top tax
rate until you are six times the average
wage here in the UK it's 2 and 1 half
times so as soon as you're 2 and 1 half
times the average wage you are you're in
real trouble um there are so many people
in the UK who deliberately hold their
income at £50,000
because after 50,000 you get taxed 40%
of your income so people just give up
and they say I'm not going I know some
really smart really talented people who
could be earning a lot more and they
refuse to pay the 40% rate so like keep
everything small because they don't want
to go from 20 to 40% at the 50 Grand
rate which is crazy um and I've employed
people who have said can I have a day
off a week rather than going over that
threshold uh so uh you know that's
that's a huge issue the tax issue um the
company rate tax is high the the
corporate uh capital gains rate is tax
tax very high the vat is high the
council tax is high all of these
additional taxes just keep piling up um
and then the other cost at the moment if
we want to have an AI economy we need
cheap electricity one thing that Trump
has committed to is is really really
cheap energy there is no such thing as a
fast growth High you know high octane
economy that has expensive energy uh
cheap energy equals fast growth um and
we have the most expensive energy in the
world we can't run data centers here uh
because the energy cost is going to be
too high so if we want to have an AI
driven economy you know we can't do it
with windmills and solar panels that
have got frost all over them Scott you
look um like a lot lot of thoughts are
going through your head following those
two comments what are you thinking well
with respect to energy Trump issued an
executive order calling it an energy
crisis gasoline in the US on an
inflation adjusted basis is less
expensive than it was 50 years ago we
are now the largest oil producer in the
world I would argue I would argue that
we have um a housing crisis and that the
executive order should have been around
that just going back to the US and I'm
curious at the same Dynamics and whether
Constantine and Daniel agree with this I
believe this the election in the US was
supposed to be a referendum on women's
rights women's rights did not show up
this was a referendum on young men in my
view and that is if you look at the two
cohorts that swung most from Blue to Red
versus 2020 two of the three cohorts
other than Latinos was people under the
age of 30 who in the US are 24% less
wealthy than they were 40 years ago
people over the age of 70 or 72%
wealthier our tax code is basically an
attempt to shove money from The Young to
the old and two 45 to 64-year-old women
who I would affectionately describe as
their mother and that is when your son's
in the basement vaping and playing video
games and I think a lot about struggling
young men you don't give a flying [__]
about territorial sovereignty in the
Ukraine or Ukraine excuse me or
transgender rights all you know is your
kid isn't doing well and 210 times a day
your kid's getting a notification that
somebody he knows is on a GF stream or
partying in St Barts and it's not him or
her and so we not only have young people
not doing as well this pornographic
wealth is just shoved in their face and
you end up with in my opinion kind of a
young struggling young men no group has
fallen further faster in the world I
would argue than young men in America
they are if you go into a morg in the
United States and there's five people
who died by Suicide four of them are men
one and three men under thee of 30 has a
girlfriend two and three women under the
age of 30 has a boyfriend why you think
that's mathematically impossible because
women are dating older because they want
more economically and emotionally viable
men there's one in five men live at home
at the age of 30 one and three under the
age of 25 they're not having sex they're
more obese they're more depressed when
women don't have a relationship they
oftentimes channel that energy into
their professional lives more women own
single women own homes in the US and
single men women in urban areas under
the age of 30 are making more money than
men when men don't have the guardrails
of a relationship or a job or being in
school they pour that energy sometimes
into unproductive things misogyny
nationalism or extreme nationalism
conspiracy theory in some they become
really shitty citizens they become
sequestered from society so I'm worried
in the US our biggest threat is a new
species of asexual asocial young men who
are incredibly dangerous have lost have
opted out of America
60% of 30-y olds used to have one child
in America now it's
27% so people I think in the US and I'm
I just a genuine question I don't know
if it's the same problem here our tax
policies have taken money from The Young
stuffed them in the pockets of old
people so Nana and popop can upgrade
from Carnival to Crystal Cruises
meanwhile young people can't afford
education they can't afford housing and
we we especially see this really acute
emerging crisis among young men who are
just oping out of America who don't even
want to try and date don't even want to
enroll in school don't want to even try
and get a job just stick in their
basements and go on Reddit or Discord or
why go try and shower a work out and get
a relationship when you have youorn why
get a job when you can trade stocks or
crypto on coinbase or Robinhood I think
this is in my opinion this is the most
dangerous Trend in America right now it
it's almost like demonizing men for
decades has consequences uh I mean this
this is what's been happening men are
the root of all evil the root of all
evil the root of all evil every advert
is about you know the woman is strong
and capable the guy's pathetic uh in
every movie the woman's kicking ass and
the the man is pathetic this has been
going on for decades it's a cultural
thing as well as an economic thing um
and many of us have been saying that
when you take meaning uh and opportunity
away from men if you create an education
system that punishes boys for being boys
uh if you create a society in which
traditional masculine virtues become
vices uh then you will create exactly
the sort of thing that Scott is talking
about it's a terrible thing that's been
done uh having said that my message is
always the same to young men who who I
hope are listening which is the answer
to your problems is never going to be as
Scots as porn and this and that the
answer to your problems is going to take
responsibility go out and get a job or
create a business and and actually make
your life better no one's coming to save
you no one's coming to help you there is
no uh you the the the sort of programs
that we have for women where we sort of
go well you know let's give them an
opportunity here n none of that's
happening for men it's not going to
happen because for evolutionary reasons
we just don't feel sorry for men the way
that we do for women that's a reality I
know it sucks but the answer for men is
going to be the the answer that's always
been the answer for man which is for you
to get off the sofa to get off the couch
and go out and actually do and create
and build and find your own way through
it even if you have to acknowledge that
the society you live in has been
conditioned for quite a long time to
think that you're a piece of [__]
because because you happen to have the
genitalia that you do now that I I think
is is the harsh reality of it and I
think Scott is right to point this out
as a problem and I hope that we start to
have uh both in terms of Economic Policy
but in terms of also just the cultural
conversations and the way we talk about
these issues we come back to something
that human beings have known through the
entire history of the our species which
is men and women are both good and need
to work together in order to thrive and
succeed together in order to have
families in order to have children and
in order for us to have healthy
communities and healthy societies you
need healthy femininity and you need
healthy masculinity and they need to
come to together and work together
that's what we're supposed to do and
these stupid gender Wars and this idea
that men as a group are this and women
as a group are that all of that just
needs to end I was watching last night
as Trump sat there signing all of those
executive orders and I also watched his
inauguration speak where he said we will
Forge a society that is colorblind and
Merit based and he signed a bunch of
executive orders last night to eliminate
eliminate a variety of different Dei
programs in the federal government
directing agencies to dismantle these
practices within 60 days and then over
the last couple of months we've seen
meta come out and dismantle in Reverse
some of their Dei programs we've seen
MacDonald's Walmart Ford Harley-Davidson
Boeing Amazon Toyota it feels like
there's a real shift happening in both
how you know sort of um identity
politics but also in the sort of
corporate environment that those
identity politics have really emerged
from are you supportive of Trump's move
to roll back Dei
measures so I I I think there's a lot of
nuance here I would argue in
universities
we've Dei is used as a giant misdirect
from people such as myself were
enforcers of the cast system and wake up
every morning and look in the mirror and
ask ourselves the same question how do I
increase my compensation while
decreasing my
accountability and what I found is the
ultimate strategy is to create an lvma
trajection is [__] elitist strategy
where Dartmouth sits on a endowment of8
billion do and less than 500 kids so the
conversation around who gets in is a
misdirect from the important question
that is how many if you are not growing
your endowment or your freshman class
faster than population you should lose
your taxfree status we should be letting
in more gay kids more trans kids more
white Republicans some rural State you
know who doesn't talk about Dei junior
colleges because there's no admissions
they don't have a problem with Dei so I
think Dei on campus has ended up eating
its own tail started out with the right
idea now it's nothing and I would I
would argue the same is somewhat true
the Democratic party I went to the the
the Democratic National Convention on
the dnc.org website it lists 17 special
inter scripts and it says explicitly who
we serve asian-pacific Islanders seniors
veterans black Americans the disabled it
basically lists I added this up 76% of
the population and when you say you're
actively advocating for 76% of the
population you're not advocating for 76%
of the population you're discriminating
against the 24% it's gone too far I
would argue in the workplace having
served on seven public company boards
and I'm going to do a lot of boasting
here because I'm desperate for all of
your affirmation and 12 private company
boards there's still work to be done in
the private sector there still is a
cycle 40% of all venture capitalists and
probably 70 or 80% of all venture
capital deployed are white guys from
just two universities Stanford and
Harvard so I would argue universities
it's gotten out of control I'd love to
see the Dei apparatus disassembled as
along with the ethics Department the
sustainability Department the leadership
Department these are all [__] where
we hire formerly important people with
no standards they never get fired it
just translates to more student debt in
the boardroom in corporations in certain
sectors I do think there is a need to be
thoughtful about broadening the aperture
of the lens and bringing in people who
are underrepresented there's still a dir
of women raising Venture cap so I I
think it's nuanced based on
sector um but to just say all Dei is bad
I want to move to where the University
of California did in 1997 they don't
have race-based affirmative action they
have adversity based affirmative action
I'm a beneficiary of affirmative action
I had something called pel grants I was
raised by a single immigrant mother who
lived and died a secretary so I got
grants I had unfair Advantage because I
came from a household that was lowincome
and I think that there should be
affirmative action and I think it should
be based on color but that color is
green the poor need our help the moment
you start advocating for special
Advantage based on any external factors
I think at this point in our society it
probably causes more problems than it
solves that's exactly right that's
exactly right Stephen and I think uh if
we take a step back and look at why di
become such a big part of the
conversation it's precisely because
instead of addressing the reality uh of
people's lives which is some people are
disadvantaged and some people are
advantaged uh actually what we've mainly
done and and Scott alluded to at the
very beginning of our discussion is
we've given a leg up to very wealthy
ethnic minority people from successful
families and they now their children now
get into prestigious universities uh
which they probably would have done
anyway uh some of them because they come
from very Advantage backgrounds and the
kids that are growing up in poverty
black and white have no shot whatsoever
but the reason that it's become such a
big issue around the Western World
actually I don't think it's it's the
nuances that we've delved in into here
but actually something else which is we
have
created the most ethnically diverse
Societies in history and what I mean by
that is not that we've created Societies
in which there are large groups of
people who are different from each other
but for the first time probably in human
history we've created Societies in which
there is a lot of ethnic diversity and
there is no overt discrimination against
some groups of people in the sense of
you know the Imperial Societies in the
past would have had one dominant ethnic
group which is you know the Russians in
the Soviet Union or the the Turks in the
Ottoman Empire or the Brits in the
British Empire whatever that was the
ethnic group that was like the dominant
one and everybody else was a kind second
class Citizen and everybody knew it
right we don't have that anymore we have
highly diverse societies where people of
every single background exist in which
we have this idea U that we're all
supposed to be equal and when we have
programs that explicitly discriminate
against people there were times when the
Discrimination was explicit against
black people well we've got we've gone
full circle now where the Discrimination
was going the other way in University
admissions in hiring in all sorts in
Corporate America in government in all
sorts of things you know in this country
the BBC has internships that aren't
available to white people Etc when you
get to that point as Scott said earlier
on everyone just goes look I know I'm
not supposed to say this but the reality
is this is racism this is a form of
racism and I thought we were trying to
get away from the racism so to the
extent that the the the elimination of
Dei is about creating a merit-based
Society uh in which people are given an
opportunity because they're skilled and
talented and they have the potential to
actually achieve things and create
wealth you know we all know this we all
employ people right uh how many of us
are thinking about the races of the
people we hire I don't think we think
about that at all what we're thinking
about is I run a business I need the
very best person very best possible
person for this job at the price I'm
willing to pay I don't care if they are
purple green blue white what whatever it
doesn't matter what matters is are we
getting the best person for the job and
my concern about identity politics has
always been that if we do not adopt that
worldview then what we will do is create
a worldview in which we have different
racial groups competing with each other
on the basis of race and that is a very
very dangerous mix for a multi-ethnic
society like ours which is why I've been
begging in people to let go of this
stupid idea of identity politics and to
say first and foremost we are all Brits
or we are all Americans we have this
umbrella identity under which we all
operate and our personal ethnicity or
sex or or whatever is secondary to that
and actually for the purposes of
employment for the purposes of College
admission Etc is irrelevant yes if there
is disadvantage if we grow up in a
single parent home with a low income we
may need some extra support there if we
had terrible schooling or our education
was not good we may need extra support
if there's certain things that make it
easier for us because of of the
disadvantages we've had to fulfill our
talent and potential I'm all for that
but what we've created so far and that's
why I'm delighted it's being eliminated
is an anti- meritocratic system which
says we don't care what you bring to the
workplace we don't care whether you
deserve this place or not we don't care
about the potential you have actually we
just needed a insert category tick boox
to fill this slot uh and you filled it
doesn't really matter that you're not
doing your job very well because now we
can say you know we're a diverse company
I don't care about that and we shouldn't
care about that as a society and thank
God that's now gone yeah I think the
worst part about it too is that it um
calls into question when someone does
succeed um and they're from a diverse
background you know it calls into
question why they got that job in the
first place which I think is horrible um
you know the I I just hired from two
candidates the final two candidates um
was a was a guy and and a woman um I
would hate if the woman felt that she
got the job because she's a woman and
not because she's best she turns out she
was by far the best in the process and I
would love for her to know that there
was absolutely nothing that changed our
view we weren't trying to fill a a
position with a woman we were trying to
fill the position with the best and she
should know she was the best
um I think the contrast that was really
fascinating was between Trump's website
and um the democrat's website so in the
in the Democrats website it was who
we're for which was what Scott was
saying but the Trump's Trump's website
was the 20 things we're going to do and
it was just a list of 20 these are the
20 action points this is what we're
going to we're going to do this we're
going to do this we're going to do this
we're going to do this so it was a to-do
list as opposed to the identities where
help that we want to Advantage list um
and I think that was the choice you know
at the beginning Constantine you said
you know America had a choice and for me
when I looked at those two websites I
saw this choice between the identities
being the main thing or the to-do list
uh being the main thing and a very
different approaches Scott I amum when I
was listening to that zerug interview
talking about um masculinity and
identity issues one of the lines he said
in there sounded like something you've
said on my show before where he said I
think having a culture that celebrates
that aggression a little bit more
talking about masculinity has its own
merits that are really positive now Mark
Zuckerberg isn't necessarily someone
that I saw closely aligning to your
world view am I right in thinking that
that's something you agree with because
I remember you saying to me you you
think people should be able to walk in a
room and kick everyone's
ass what I've said on your show is that
I think the male form especially under
the age of 30 with its bone structure
incredible double twitch muscle and then
this
amazing amazing chemical called
testosterone you're going to look back
at your 25-year-old self and think why
wasn't I a [__] monster like Steve
barle because and also there there is I
I you know some masculinity when Russian
soldiers pour over the Border in Ukraine
you want some of that big dick energy
that Daniel was was talking about in the
case of Zuckerberg I I don't think I
don't think he really understands an
aspirational view of masculinity I think
when he couches
is immediately kind of trying to kiss
Trump's ass because Trump threatened to
put him in prison and what he used to
call moderation he's now calling
censorship and when you have an
algorithm that elevates incendiary
hateful content I would not describe
that as masculinity for me masculinity
comes down to protection providing and
procreation and I don't think it's a I
think to talk about gendering a
workplace in the context of trying to
excuse um uh a a total elimination of
what I would think is probably healthy
moderation I imagine Daniel and Conan
might have a different view I don't I I
think he's just couching his his his
supplicant obsequious kiss ass Behavior
under the opes of masculinity it just
doesn't ring true for me and I'm not
sure we need to man up or fem up
organizations and companies right now
when I talk about
masculinity you know there's if I say at
a conf confence oh women are better
managers everyone goes yes that's right
that's right right that's okay if I say
men are more risk aggressive and make
better entrepreneurs you're a
misogynist you you're out and the
reality is men and women bring different
attributes but the masculinity and
femininity I think masculinity is a
wonderful thing I think we you get a
different image of it I think people
born as male have an easier time leaning
into those things having said that I
work out a CrossFit with a bunch of
lesbian firefighters they bring great
masculine energy and they could carry my
ass out of a fire so a lot of men
demonstrate wonderful feminine qualities
a lot of women demonstrate wonderful
masculine qualities I don't think these
things are sequestered to anyone born as
a specific a specific gender what I
think what I talk about masculinity I
don't talk about it in the RO of
Corporations I think that I I think
that's just Frau with risk and not worth
talking about it should be about
shareholder value or stakeholder value I
think young men need a code we're going
to church L we have few relationships so
what's the code you hold in on to in
terms of creating behaviors that are
productive for you yourself society and
I think masculinity needs to be
redefined is something more aspirational
where you're celebrated for being really
[__] strong you're celebrated for not
complaining you're celebrated for
creating Surplus value create more tax
revenue than you absorb you're
celebrated for being aggressive you're
celebrated for breaking up fights at
bars not not not starting them you're
celebrated for protecting your country
not shitposting it you know there's
you're you're celebrated for approaching
strange women and expressing romantic
interest that's that's not a crime and
if she's not interested and you're
rejected you're both going to be fine uh
you know you're celebrated for getting
out of the house you're celebrated for
working you're celebrated for making
money and liking money I think there
just needs to be a redefinition of
masculinity in the context of helping
young men find a code that they used to
get from the armed services or from Dual
dual parent households and I
I feel like they're struggling so I like
the idea of something that they feel in
their bones and in their in their body
and in their DNA that they can lean into
that we celebrate and the conversation
has flipped entirely five years ago I
was called a misogynist for talking
about masculinity now the conversation
is being led and advocated by one group
and it's mothers who are like I my son
is not doing well I got three kids two
daughters daughters in PR with the other
ones at pen and my son is in in the
basement vaping and playing video games
he needs something to latch on to he
needs a code anyways but I apologize
word salad Zuckerberg and masculinity
give me a [__] break he looks like a
chch and Molly
dealer sorry back to you
Stephen well it's it's interesting when
you speak Scott because your views on
masculinity um appear to me to be most
better represented by the right side of
politics than the left side of politics
they both have the own vision of
masculinity and yours seems to be a
republican view of masculinity they flew
to Trump's credit he he saw the
opportunity and he flew right into the
manosphere Rockets crypto Joe
Rogan uh Theo vaugh he said no I'm I'm
I'm not going to run from this I'm G to
fly right into it now I would argue that
his vision of masculinity has too much
coarseness too much cruelty too much
bullying I don't think that's
masculinity I think when we talk about
Elon Musk taking risk sending rockets
that are captured by scissors coming
down inspiring the EV race taking an
enormous risk making a [__] ton of money
yeah that's a great form of masculinity
accusing men trying to save Thai soccer
players calling them pedophiles calling
your employees a sex criminal such that
they have to leave their house having 13
kids by five women or three women none
of which you live with living next to
sleeping next to a loaded gun losing
control of your of your your your your
self-control because of addiction I
don't think that's a great role model I
I think it's an amazing role model for
boys I don't think it's a great role
model from man in terms of energy there
are so many reasons why I'm a big matcha
fan if you don't already know by now and
so much so that I actually invested in
the UK's leading matcha company called
perfect Ted and one of my favorite
perfect Ted products is these delicious
matcha pouches that come in every flavor
from salted caramel to Peach flavor to
mint flavor to Berry flavor one of my
favorites is this vanilla flavor which
I'm going to make in just two seconds
you just take this mixer here get a
little bit of the powder pop it on top
of the shaker like that put the lid
on shake shake
shake delicious if you haven't tried
this yet you can find perfect Ted at
Tesco and Holland Barrett stores or
online where you can get 40% off with my
code diary 40 head to perfect ted.com
and put in diary 40 to try this
delicious multif flavored match now
highly recommend and if you do it please
tag me send me a message online do you
know that 80% of New Year's resolutions
fail by February it's because we focus
too much on the end goal and we forget
the small daily actions that actually
move us forward those actions that are
easy to do are also easy not to do in
life it's easy to save a dollar so it's
also easy not to making one small
Improvement each day one tiny step in
the right direction has a big difference
over time and that is the 1% Minds set
which is why we created the 1% diary a
90day journal designed to help you stay
consistent and focus on the small wins
and make real progress over time it also
gives you access to the 1% Community a
space where you can stay accountable
motivated inspired along with many
others on the same Journey we launched
the 1% diary in November and it sold out
so now we're doing a second drop head to
the diary.com to grab yours before it
sells out again I'll put the link below
Constantine Elon Musk censorship the
word censorship was used there by um
Scott we've seen this reversal in meta's
Attitude Facebook's attitude that had
been built up over a decade where it it
almost felt like if you had sort of
right leaning views or really any
unaccepted views and you posted those on
Facebook you would face maybe having the
post deleted or your account suspended
this new world of um of speech of free
speech and as it pertains to masculinity
do you think Elon musk's decision to buy
X which I noted got youd left X you no
longer post or tweet on X anymore do you
think
elon's decision to buy X is a net
positive for
society uh net yes but I think what
people hear when you say that is there's
no problems with this system than you
know compared to the ones we had before
uh there are definitely disadvantages to
a free platform like uh X now and one of
them is inevitably when you remove
censorship one of the things the
censorship was doing was keeping all all
the deeply unpleasant uh people uh away
from being able to shove things in your
face and that happens quite a lot on egg
so I don't enjoy that aspect of it uh
but I've always said that would be the
price we would pay for Freedom uh
freedom freedom always has a price and
that's what we're seeing as for
Zuckerberg his miraculous transformation
into a free speech Warrior is just
wonderful and I I'm delighted to welcome
him I'm sure it's entirely genuine and
not anything to do with the election
results we've just seen in any way
whatsoever and the fact that the culture
shifted and those of us who were being
censored by people like him for years
actually winning the argument well what
it shows you is we've won the argument
on Free Speech when it comes to the big
Tech platforms um and it's going to be
messy uh and I always said it was going
to be messy because inevitably when you
create these large platforms that are
algorithmically driven uh where the
truth and the moderate reasonable take
is not what usually gets attention
you're going to see a lot of
unpleasantness I value the ability to
hear and communicate truthful uh ideas
and facts over my own subjective
feelings oh someone said a thing I don't
like or someone was racist or someone
was misogynistic I don't enjoy the fact
that that happens but I would rather
that happened and also we were not being
censored from saying you know Co
probably came from a lab in China which
we were uh you know the the the the
hunter Biden laptop story isn't Russian
disinformation actually it's an
important piece of information that
American voters need to hear when
they're making their decision about the
election and all of these other things
that were being suppressed and censored
across social media for years um they're
not anymore and I think that's a good
thing and I think that's helpful and if
you look at you know to bring it back to
the UK for a moment Stephen uh as you
know on trigonometry we've tried to
cover the grooming gangs uh Scandal and
is an outrage what happened in this
country over decades we've we've been
covering that for years since about 2019
2020 to very little purchase and one of
the reasons is it was just something
that the media sort of covered and then
moved on when it actually should have
been something we talked about on the
daily basis until serious action was
taken and we saw real real change real
change in policing real change in social
work real change in government real
change in the way that these racially
aggravated hate crimes were treated um
well none of that was really being
talked about seriously until Elon kicked
up a fuss Amplified the voices of
survivors Amplified the voices of
campaigners onx which he bought and now
the British government is forced to to
do whatever it can to actually address
those issues uh to to to the extent that
it will you know a lot of people will
say it still doesn't go far enough well
if it doesn't go far enough we now have
a platform from which we can continue to
have that conversation until there is
the sort of inquiry and the sort of
outcomes that people want to actually
deliver real change so is that a
positive God yes God yes we needed that
those women who were raped on a mass
scale needed their voices to be
Amplified by someone like Elon Musk on a
platform like X which is now free to the
point where K is forced into defensive
action that I wish that was around 30
years ago because a hell of a lot of
young girls and women wouldn't have
suffered the way they did if we had the
opportunity to get that message out so
God yes it's a net positive just to pick
up on that Constantine I I've had a
question on my mind for a while um
regarding the Scandal which is horrific
I think something we all definitely
agree on is why has Elon chosen now and
why has he chosen K starma as the sort
of central Target of this flurry of
tweets Around The Grooming scandals
because there's clearly you elon's I
think an individual which you can kind
of see thinking in real time like if you
go back through his tweets because
there's so many of them and they kind of
come in these spurts you can almost see
what he's getting at is there an
underlying reason why he's made this a
central issue over the last couple of
weeks I I think there are several
reasons one of the reasons that it's
happening now is actually most Americans
were completely unaware of this issue
until recently I remember a year ago
being speaking at a private event in New
York and somebody said to me well you
know what is the consequence of
political correctness why why are you so
against it why are you so against
censorship and I talked about the
grooming gangs and and people were
horrified they hadn't even and these are
well-informed educated people who are
media Savvy and whatever so one of the
reasons is I think to a lot of Americans
this issue is only coming to the for now
in front of their mind uh the second
issue I think is that Elon Musk
understands what I said earlier which is
we have a global Western culture now uh
and so what happens in Britain matters
just as much as what happens in America
because we are we are symbiotic with
each other now when there's a a
restriction of speech in the UK when we
have laws about what people are and AR
allowed to say that has an impact across
the world when you see the European
Union trying to pass legisl about online
censorship that has an impact because if
something exists in the UK and in many
European countries it's only a matter of
time before people in America are going
to say well look they've got this in
Europe why don't we bring it over here
and vice versa so what happens in
America affects us in Europe and in the
UK and what happens in Europe and the UK
affects America so what Elon I think is
trying to do is to say we care about our
civilization Elon doesn't really talk
that much about the United States he
talk talk us about our civilization as I
do because I believe that we are now one
thing to a very significant extent now
from our civilizational point of view is
it a good thing that mass rape gangs in
the UK are being insufficiently
investigated and treated in properly by
the police and the government no it's
not it's a very bad thing so how do we
address that well we address that by
putting pressure on the government of
the day now I don't see the grooming
gangs as a party political issue the
Tories didn't really do anything about
it properly either although there were
individual members of of the cabinet
that tried to to do something like so
braan um but he's put in pressure on the
government of the day you can see him
going after Nigel farage of all people
and saying Nigel farage is not the right
leader for reform so he's he's in he's
attempting to shape British politics in
the direction that he feels is the right
way what does he want what out does he
want I look I don't know what Elon must
want I don't know him personally I
haven't even yet had chance to interview
him which I really look forward to doing
because I think he's one of the the
great Visionaries of our time whether
you like him or not I think that's
undeniably true um but my sense is he's
trying to uh talk about all the things
that we've been discussing freedom of
expression the end of identity politics
and the pursuit of meritocracy a ping
pioneering inspiring vision of the
future which is why he's talking about
Mars and and a vision for our
civilization that goes beyond the narrow
squabbling that that we do here on Earth
um a and and the the the understanding
that human beings are are meant we we
left the cave we're not supposed to stay
in a place with the walls closing in on
us and feel like we're in Decline we're
not supposed to be a civilization that
has 1.5 children per woman and that is
simply just leaving the planet Earth
because we can't reproduce we're
supposed to look at the future with hope
and optimism we're going to we're
supposed to say I want things to be
better I want things to be better for my
children I want to have children I want
the vision of our society be being one
of positivity and optimism and a sense
of a pioneering vision and inspiration
that's what I think he wants and um I
don't really see any of that in the
current government in the UK and I think
he's right to go after them and say you
are destroying your country's economy
you're destroying its culture you
destroying its sense of cohesiveness by
allowing illegal immigration you are
destroying uh that sense of optimism and
vision and you're not saying to people
let's build something better you're
saying uh let's stay small let's play
small let's not rise above our station
and I think uh we need people like that
imperfect as they may be and all sorts
of different ways to drive our
civilization forward to say to us there
is an inspiring vision to which we're
all moving as opposed to just sitting
there and waiting to die which is what
we've been doing for far too long yeah I
think I think Elon is um Tak him at his
word you know he said a year ago that he
was going to absolutely dismantle the
woke M virus globally and he was going
to ensure meritocracy and free speech um
and he when he sets his mind on
something he has the ability to stay
focused on it for a very long time to a
degree most people can't fathom um you
know and he's and he's absolutely
willing to endure pain he loves a fight
he he obviously has the kind of mind
that can't relax unless he's kind of
grinding up against some gear
um as well like the way he the way he
works he needs stress in his life he
needs a big enemy he needs a big fight
to to engage with um and I think K dama
just ticked all of his boxes as someone
to go up against um I think I think it's
interesting is we talk about these big
Tech I love that Scott has previously
talked about breaking up big Tech and I
think there's potential for that in the
next four years all of these guys like
Trump and JD Vance and all of them have
have uh locked horns with big Tech and
they've come you know this is their
chance to get revenge on big Tech in the
next four years they could do a little
you know you might see Google have to
you know spin off YouTube or you might
see AWS have to come away from Amazon or
something like that who knows but um
it's interesting that that a lot of
these big Tech guys they're probably
cozying up to Trump um because you know
that could be on the cards as well
there's been a lot of um Trump butt kick
butt kissing over the last couple of
weeks I think Trump's almost bragged
about the fact that everybody's flown
down to Mar Lago to kiss his butt and to
Cozy up with him and there's now
headlines saying that there's this Tech
oligarchy forming in the United States
where Bezos and Elon and zck are all now
friends and they're stood behind Trump
as this unifying force just to just to
touch on a few points of that but also
on Constantine's message that Elon is
doing this for the betterment of
humanity to further Humanity his
involvement with the UK but his broader
involvement in politics now Scott does
that square with how you think about
Elon and I am quite um curious to ask
you why you made the decision to leave X
and to go to Blue Sky and threads and
things like that yeah I can't speculate
on what motivates Elon Musk I I just I
quite frankly just don't get the guy and
I don't also I don't I don't have the
domain expertise to comment on the rape
gangs it's such a serious upsetting
issue I I don't know it well enough to
speak intelligently to it the just a
topic of of censorship though as it
relates to meta
a Hallmark of a free Society in a
democracy is that pretty much anyone can
say pretty much anything about pretty
much anybody I I believe that the
question is do machines and Bots have
free speech rights because if I say
something I I believe and I may be
paranoid but it doesn't mean I'm wrong I
believe VCS who uh whose portfolio
companies I've said have overvalued have
enlisted thousands of bots to basically
just shitpost me over and over on X to
diminish my credibility I I think
because I've been critical of Putin that
the gru has hired troll Farms to create
lists of thousands of people to
weaponize bots to say disparaging things
about them do those Bots have free
speech rights in
addition when Fox
News distributes information to its
anchors saying Dominion voting machines
were weaponized by Hugo Chavez in
Venezuela despite the fact they knew
that was not true but they tell their
broadcasters to do it anyways and then
Dominion says this hurt our business
and you knew it was false and you
decided to communicate It Anyways their
courts find them liable they have to pay
three4 of a billion dollars what
happened at Fox News was a dumpster fire
compared to the nuclear mushroom cloud
on meta so a lot of what we're talking
about here if you want to say that mRNA
vaccines alter your DNA I think you you
should have the right to say that the
denters voice is important because
occasionally the conspiracy theorist
ends up being correct the question is
when you have a business model that
elevates the most incendiary ugly
content Beyond its organic reach should
you then be exonerated from all
liability and slander that traditional
media companies are liable to if we were
to say the donon musk is a pedophile and
state start stating facts and evidence
of it and he could show that it's hurt
his ability to raise money for Tesla and
he filed legal action against this
podcast I think we would be in a world
of hurt and and and it would that that
legal liability is warranted but the
most powerful media companies in the
world have section 230 protection so
they can they have a business model
where conspiracy theory or novel content
which is Latin for [__] and lies and
the more Angry it is it gets elevated
Beyond its organic reach so while I'm
kind of down with the notion that we
should have free speech and anybody
should be able to say pretty much
whatever they want there's something
wrong when we have algorithms that have
a profit incentive around rage
conspiracy theory and lies and
two-thirds of Republicans believe that
the election was stolen and when one one
in five Americans think that 911 was an
inside job I mean we are let's be honest
they thought that before the internet I
remember watching all the 911 truth
movies and all of that but your point
overall is right I I totally agree and
by the way Elon agrees with you when he
bought X he talked about the bot problem
he talked about the amplification of our
R he hasn't done as much as I I hoped he
would have done so far but I I hope that
they do address that because that isn't
an Elon or an ex problem it's a
technology problem of the modern world
the reality is that the more we live our
lives online the more you're going to
have a the problem of the ability of
foreign governments of individual people
to create fa fake accounts bot Farms Etc
uh to influence the way we look at all
of these things um and uh we are going
to have to come to terms with that
reality because it's a it's a
technological issue that we're going to
have to solve for and we haven't yet
it's also very easy for people to get
caught in their own Bubbles as well
which is a new phenomenon there was a
time where if you believed crazy things
you still had to sit next to someone
else in church and talk to them about
their life and what they believe and you
encountered dissenting voice you you
encountered San rational people who had
very different views to you that you had
to be friends with long term uh whereas
where we are right now is if you've got
some sort of crazy view you can find
yourself only talking to people who who
share those views um and only sharing
content that reinforces those views
until such time that you become
extremely
radicalized I think that's such an
important point because I think it's a
real shame that AI llms aren't crawling
the real world I was at Grangers
yesterday someone comes up to me love
your
content let's take a picture they're so
nice another person comes up to me and
say I disagree with your view on this
but we have a civil conversation and
then I come home to 40 Bots telling me
I'm Professor genocide I mean people in
the real world generally speaking I
don't know if it's because it's a threat
of physical violence or they want to
have sex with you or maybe they think
some some point you'll hire their kid or
generally just a comedy of man but
people in real life I find are just
lovely and wonderful and it's a shame
that these l LS aren't crawling this cuz
the trfe and some of the vile [__]
they're they're crawling online which I
don't even think reflects our species I
think it reflects technology that has a
profit motive around promoting the most
incendiary hateful content so there's
got to be some sort of medium speed here
and also I got off X Steve because you
don't like Chick-fil-A don't eat a
Chick-fil-A I I I if musk wants to pay
$44 billion in tur it into a Nazi porn
bar that's his right I don't think
there's I don't think it's illegal I
don't think the government should step
in but I don't have to paint his
fence and I can go to another platform
that's my right too and everyone says oh
you're against Free Speech I'm like no
I'm not I'm against being on a platform
that makes me feel
bad so he has the right and all this
notion around meta Free Speech it's a
little different because they control so
much the media but these are media
companies and they should be liable for
slander or defamation the same way
tradition media companies are involved I
think we could solve a lot of this
problem by just removing 230 protections
for algorithmically elevated content if
you decide to elevate
content Beyond its organic reach then
you are making an editorial decision and
you should be liable if that in fact is
slanderous or defamatory I think that's
really fascinating uh as a way of
handling it and also we're living in a
world where as of this year some of the
most phenomenal content you will read
will be algorithmically generated um and
some of the most compelling content so
this idea that Scott's talking about of
should Bots have free speech it sounds
like a kind of you know intellectual
kind of pseudo intellectual topic but
it's absolutely a very practical Topic
in the sense that uh Bots now can
generate conversations very easily and
some of the you you could spend all day
talking to a bot and not know it's funny
this is this subject has come up because
in the last week I had a flurry of
messages on Whatsapp from Friends
actually had two tweets yesterday which
you could probably see if you just
search my name because on X at the
moment there's multiple ads running that
are fake articles with fake BBC
headlines with my face in so it says
things like the bank of England is suing
Steve bartler and this is running as a
sponsored ad on X and people are
tweeting me these things my friend says
every time he refreshes the feed he sees
a new sponsored ad of a fake article of
me and sometimes it's like can't believe
this happened to Steve and it's a BBC
article you click on it you get scammed
I think it's a crypto scam I don't want
to click I'll send the link to you guys
so you can click on it for me but um I
just it really has because that is a bot
there's multiple of them multiple
accounts that have been spun up they're
all verified accounts and it's AI
generated imagery with a paid ad behind
it that's the bit that really gets me I
get people can post [__] but but
sponsoring sponsoring it is a new a new
level of a new level of uh like
defamation um one of the big macro
things I've been thinking a lot about
that I haven't shared yet is just the
the amount of social networks that have
emerged in the last 10 years there's
been a 50% increase so far in new social
networks that have emerged and we're
seeing this splintering now of the
rumbles the blue skies the threads and
it almost seems talking about Echo
chambers that social networks are
becoming sort of political environments
and you're choosing your social network
now based on your
politics this doesn't seem like a net
positive thing for
society no no I I think we're living
through an era of the fragmentation of
our reality and it it comes you know
Scott's point about uh people behaving
better in person is true although I
would say uh there is the wind screen
effect or the windshield effect which is
if you someone cuts you up in traffic
and you feel that there's some kind of
physical separation between the two of
you most people behave slightly
differently in that context than they
would if they were sitting next to
somebody face to face in the bar so it's
it's there's something about being
physically present with other people
that changes it which is one of the
reasons you know I know you have pretty
much all your interviews face to face
and we do as well because I generally
speaking it's very difficult to connect
authentically with people obviously
we've managed to do it in the course of
this conversation but beyond that is
difficult um and so we're going to have
to work on that but I just what the
point I'm trying to make is this isn't a
political issue it's not an X issue it's
not an Elon Musk issue it's a
technological iCal issue we're living
through uh probably already have lived
through most of of the digital
Revolution and I used to as a kid love
Isaac azimov science fiction books and
one of the reasons I did enjoy reading
them so much is it was a world in which
there was an exploration of what does
the creation of
robots which is what we're living
through mean for Morality what does it
mean for philosophy what does it mean
for Humanity what does it mean for uh
what how do we build rules in a world in
which you have these machines that take
every rule literally and suddenly you
find that uh you know the desire to
protect Humanity results in the end of
humanity how do you how do you navigate
all of this and that is what we're
living through we are also living
through a period when our realities are
being fragmented and
so uh we we we we believe a very small
set of things that other people like us
somewhere in a very different part of
the world as Daniel was saying earlier
also believe and we now live in this not
we don't live in in England or in
Scotland or in America we live almost
like in a world of people who think like
us in the west and then other people
live right next door to us who live in a
whole different world because they
consume a whole different set of
information um that is the reality uh we
can complain about it that is not going
to change and and I the the only thing I
I really want to uh raise where I
disagree with what with Scott U about
this idea that Facebook and X Etc are uh
they are Publishers and not platforms I
don't think you can apply the same media
organization section to to them it it
just I I don't think it's appropriate
they are Platforms in which people
publish information the the artificial
amplification is a fair point um we need
to deal with that we need to deal with
the bot problem uh that's a very
difficult one because uh one of the
challenges is the only way to really
deal that I can see with the bot problem
is to get people to verify their
identity online that obviously has a lot
of questions around that because once
you start forcing people to give their
identity over to some Anonymous blob
online who's collecting that data what
are they doing with it and you know if
you don't like Elon Musk or if you don't
like the previous Twitter regime as I
didn't then the question for you is well
you know let's say right now I look at
Twitter and I'm like yeah I'm happy to
verify my identity I'm happy to confirm
who I am well what if you know George
Soros buys X off Elon at some point are
you still happy that that information is
being held are you still happy that the
anonymous account you've now now made
confirmed you know what happens to the
anonymous activist speaking about uh the
ayatollah's regime and the Iran what
happens to them when they've had to
verify their identity and the wrong
person buys out platform or someone
hacks it Etc so it's a conversation
that's uh that's not if there were easy
solutions on these issues they would
have been solved by now this is a very
difficult thing for Humanity to navigate
and we're going to have to find a way to
do it uh and incrementally so I I just
want to respond to that I think you're
guilty the same illusion of complexity
that protects these companies from
acting like actors such that they can do
anything regardless of the damage to the
Commonwealth to add shareholder value if
you implemented we have first off this
notion that you don't want to give up
your identity trust me they know
everything about you Constantine already
and I could go get a ton of information
on you from the dark web fairly easily
with a credit card so the notion that it
somehow we shouldn't have some sort of
you could have we need age verification
for social media there's no reason
anyone in the age of 16 should be on a
social media platform form and regarding
the the the Civil Rights activist or the
women's right activist that needs an
anonymity you could create a number of
accounts and use blockchain or some sort
of third party Anonymous to have a
certain number of accounts that says
look if you want an anonymous parody
account you want to make fun of people
fine if you want a an account talking
about issues that you feel are sensitive
from uh other markets fine we could we
could absolutely figure that out and
then figure out okay this account is
doing nothing it has no base it has no
soul it has no values it has 72
followers all it's doing is trying to
start fights online all it's doing is
trying to make people feel shitty about
Britain or shitty about
America and the reality is these
companies use that illusion of
complexity such that they can have more
Bots creating more fake clicks more
Nissan ads and more shareholder value I
I think there's a middle ground here I
think we could figure this out I agree
well that's what I'm saying I think some
of the ideas that you're putting forward
uh right or wrong I don't know but these
are the conversations we should be
having how do we make sure I I mean uh
my son is two and a half years old and
if my my my wife has become a complete
screen Nazi so he's probably not going
to get a phone until he's about 40 um
but but but I think your point about
people shouldn't be on social
media people shouldn't be on social
media until they're 16 absolutely
correct what that's doing to the minds
of well or everybody but particularly
young people who are really susceptible
to it you're completely right the
verification Dimension is difficult as I
say we're going to have to Hash this all
out as as Humanity uh we're just going
to have to work this all out how do we
live in this new world that we now live
in it's going to take some time and I
hope it's not as bad as the last time
the the information space was
revolutionized which was the printing
press that caused about two centuries of
religious War hopefully we can avoid
that and part of the way to do that is
to to create environments which are
uncensored where people can express
different ideas we can have these
battles and eventually come to some sort
of mutual understanding I hope that
happens what I wanted to ask you all um
to really close out this conversation
was these conversations tend to be a bit
of a reflection of what's in the news
cycle and what's in the news cycle tends
to be a reflection of what people are
clicking and a lot of that's driven by
fear and the sort of narrative of the
time whether it's immigration or the
Trump inal gration but what is the What
is the big important idea that we're not
talking about what's the most important
thing that we should be talking about
that isn't getting enough attention
right now as it relates to the future of
the West and that's a big broad question
I'll start with you Daniel uh for me
it's the schooling system um I think the
schooling system is not Preparing People
for a world that exists um and that
we're teaching you know we haven't
grasped the fact that uh AI is going to
be the biggest most disruptive
technology in the lives of our children
and that the jobs that we think they
might be able to go into probably won't
exist um we need to take have a radical
look at this idea that uh children
should go to school with the same age
groups or uh study a certain set of
topics or that it should be topic based
at all um we need to explore you know
are there better models for the
schooling system that prepare people for
the world that we're going to be in our
current schooling system goes back to
the early 1800s it was essentially based
on a military schooling system in
Prussia um and that's kind of where it
evolved from uh I think what we need to
do is think about um what what are the
SK you know what are the skills that our
kids are going to need I see to and I
can only I don't feel if I I can wrap my
arms around UK's issues but in terms of
the US political extremism I would put
it number two you know at -400 Celsius
and Fahrenheit meet and because of our
electoral system and citizens united
people from the far left who are crazy
and people from the far right who are
crazy are just over represented and they
come together to meet on Reckless
spending deficit spending they come
together to agree on anti-Semitism and
there's just too many people on the far
left and the far right and the people in
the middle uh it's minority role they're
just not represented however I think the
biggest threat that people aren't
talking about and I'm I've actually
spent some time talking with the
administration around this or the former
Administration I should say is
loneliness and that is
you have the deepest pocketed most
well-resourced companies and people in
the world trying to convince people
especially young men that they kind have
a reasonable fact simil of life on a
screen with an algorithm and I think
they literally go crazy I think they
wake up and they're obese and lonely and
have no
skills um we talked about this I think
young people I say this jokingly but
half seriously I think young people need
to get out of the house more drink more
make a series of bad decisions that
might pay off I think we need I think we
need to I think we need more sex I think
we need more uh people in people in
third spaces I mean more church more
religious more more institutions
national service were mamals and I worry
that we're one in seven men doesn't have
a single friend one in four men can't
name a best friend so this loneliness
epidemic where people get into a bubble
and start engaging in conspiracy theory
not trusting each other uh blaming women
blaming the nation self harm I just I
worry about you know what I say to young
men I coach a lot of young men romantic
comedies are two hours not 15 minutes
for a reason this [__] is hard and it's
worth it but I worry that we're raising
like I said this new species of asocial
asexual being called the Young American
male that is obese anxious and just a
shitty
citizen Constantine the most important
thing in 2025 that's not getting enough
attention uh in the UK and in most of
Europe it's an issue that Daniel raised
earlier which is in the UK Energy prices
are four times what they are in the
United States that is an ideological
decision it's done because we're saving
the planet that's what we we're being
told the reality is uh our contribution
to Global uh carbon emissions is we're
responsible for 2% of global carbon
emissions uh in the world uh making
British pensioners freeze to death every
winter because they can't afford fuel
bills is not the solution to climate
change and if you amplify that further
uh M Driving businesses out of business
making our economy uncompetitive making
Britain unable to generate wealth for
itself and for its future is not the
moral position Net Zero uh which is the
impoverishment of our society for
ideological reasons has been positioned
as the moral cause we're we're saving
the planet we're ending climate change
we're not we we're not doing any of that
all we're doing is virtue signaling and
making our fellow citizens suffer so
what we should be talking about about is
how do we make energy cheap again so
that we can have a prosperous economy
and guess what when people are
prosperous that's when they actually
start being responsible about pollution
about throwing away things they don't
need and also when you have money that's
when you can invest money in scientific
research which allows you to find
cleaner better forms of energy that's
what we should be doing we should be
making sure that we generate as much
wealth for our fellow citizens as
possible because a lot of people are
struggling and I think it's deeply
deeply immoral to impoverish already
poor pensioners in this country and to
prevent businesses from hiring people
and giving them jobs and opportunities
including the young men that Scott is
talking about because we are saving the
planet and we're trying to keep little
Greta happy we're not doing any of that
we're not successful in that we should
stop pretending and we should do what
Donald Trump said he plans to do which
is drill baby drill we should be
exploring in and exploiting all the
energy reserves we have in this country
in order to create clean energy and
better forms of energy for the future as
well as to improve the well-being of our
fellow citizens that's what we should be
talking about a hell of a lot more than
we are you need cheap energy you're
right it's what I would argue I I think
it's going to be liquid natural gas and
nuclear we haven't talked about ai ai
requires 10 times the energy at gay
query is a Google query the choke point
is energy
would argue in the US I think we benefit
more from as opposed to drill baby drill
build baby build I think young people
have seen housing prices just go crazy
there's a psychological benefit to
household formation Force
savings so I I don't I'm going to take
you at your word because you're a very
smart guy that Britain has implemented a
series of policies that I that energy
stat you rolled at was incredible but in
the US like I said we're we're I don't
want to say we're drowning in oil we've
we're we've there were more drilling
permits issued under Biden than than the
previous Trump admin I mean just a call
Biden anti-energy or that somehow we're
have this this massively overinflated
Energy prices it's just not that hasn't
happened in the US um uh I would like we
need we need more homes in the US and in
the UK too and Stephen let me just
before you wrap up fill the stats out a
little bit more obviously everyone
understands that geopolitically we're in
a pretty tense time and there's
conflicts happening Britain is in a
position now where we would struggle the
you got to remember British history
Britain is britania rules the waves
right the way that Britain has become a
great nation throughout history is by
having a powerful Fleet we would
struggle to build warships now because
we've closed down all our steel works
because we're
green right it's insanity and and on
every other issue to do with with energy
and Industry We have basically
deliberately moved our production
facilities to other countries okay great
idea globalization make things cheaper
ship things but wonderful okay what
happened during covid what happened when
suddenly the the entire chains of
production weren't quite operating the
way that they normally do oh China's
suddenly holding all the masks
interesting so what do you think is
going to happen when there's a war or
they're just going to keep shipping the
steel to us to make the battleships and
the war planes that we need to fight
them that's what you think is going to
happen this whole thing this whole
agenda is ideological insanity and what
Ed millerand is about to do to this
country when it comes to this issue
needs to talk about way more and it is
about economic Prosperity it is about
housing because one of the reasons we
don't build as much housing as we need
to is again we you know building housing
produces emissions and we don't want to
be we don't want to be not green so
that's why people in their 30s and 40s
and now living in flat shares for four
people right we have got to let go of
this OB session with NetZero we have got
to build we have got to drill we have
got to produce energy and we have got to
stop thinking that the moral thing to do
is to make our poor citizens suffer in
order that we feel good about saving the
planet which we're not even remotely
saving by doing this guys thank you so
much for all of your perspectives one of
the things I I realized as you guys were
talking is that you're all fathers and
you're all fathers of boys although
you're fathers of boys at different ages
so I wanted to just give you all 30
seconds if you could and this is maybe
me asking for myself for this advice but
based on everything that's happening in
the world which can feel incredibly
confusing especially to young people
where we're getting a lot of our
information from different Echo Chambers
what is the advice that you would all
give to your young
boys that would best prepare them for
the future and the the next couple of
years starting with you Don yeah so I've
got a a six-year-old daughter a
seven-year-old son and a 10-year-old son
um it's an incredibly confusing time
because preparing them for a world
that's fast changing uh is difficult uh
we're taking the approach of um a a lot
of general knowledge across a lot of
things so that uh you can use AI to run
deep in different topics um we're
encouraging the kids to interact with um
supervised AI conversations and and have
like letting them know that that
technolog is available um uh we're also
just focusing on some manual skills like
how to fix a boiler and how to you know
how to um s through some wood and uh you
know th those kind of things and also um
we're doing things like uh acting
classes uh being up on a stage and
Performing um so all all of those kind
of typical things but uh to be to be
honest um it is a point of anxiety in my
life just thinking about what um you
know what the world looks like for you
know 10 10 or 15 years from now that
they're going to be going into so if if
you get clear answers on this I'm I'm
I'm really open to
learning for me my son's two and a half
so it's a little bit early for this pep
talk but my message to to to him is when
he's old enough to hear it is going to
be this your
grandfather my your great-grandfather my
grandfather was taken as a slave laborer
from Soviet Ukraine to Nazi Germany your
great grandfather was born uh your great
grandmother rather was born in the
Soviet gag uh your great-grandmother
lived through the German occupation and
is now living through Vladimir Putin's
invasion of Ukraine you are not living
in the worst time ever you're surrounded
by [__] if you are a man and if you
do your job and if you learn the skills
that you need to do and if you pursue
the things that you want to do with your
life to the best of your ability if you
believe in yourself if you believe that
you're talented if you actually achieve
the things that you set your mind to
there's never been a better time in the
history of humanity than now you're
surrounded mostly by people who feel
sorry for themselves if you're not one
of them you're going to clean up young
women are looking for a young man like
you who's actually going to stand up for
himself who's actually going to go out
there and Achieve and be confident be
that and you're going to clean up when
it comes to to finding the right partner
for yourself you're going to clean up
when it comes to making money you're
going to clean up to your when it comes
to your career you're going to clean up
on every front because the bar has never
been lower the bar has never been lower
so just go out and be a man and life is
going to be great I I'm I'm older I have
14 and 17y old boys and my observation
is you can't tell them anything the best
you can do is you can try and Model
Behavior for them so I'm trying to be
really kind to their mother I'm trying
to show them that yeah you know if
you're serious about having a good
family you got to be a generous loving
partner um I'm trying to be in great
physical shape and which is getting
harder and harder I'm trying to be
aggressive around them in terms of
business and um trying to be kind and
what I do I do talk to them about the
the concept of surplus value I'm like
you're takers right now you know the UK
school system which is amazing is
investing a lot in you and you're giving
almost nothing back me and your your
mother are loving you a lot more than
you're loving us you're just taking
resources everywhere you're a net
negative and your Crossing to manhood
isn't sex or some religious ceremony or
crossing the manhood is when you are
start creating Surplus value you're
you're you're you're loving more people
than you're absorbing you're listening
to more complaints than you are
complaining you're creating more Revenue
than you're
absorbing that's the notion it's Surplus
value and I have this trick uh called
what a man does and I've been doing this
when they're kids I'm like guest show up
a man goes and gets their luggage and
puts it in their room a man constantly
scanning the table for empty water glass
glasses and I mean the proud one of the
proudest moments I ever had was when
like my six-year-old boy who was all
like 30 lbs got up and went over this
gigantic picture of water at this table
and like started like trying to pour
other people's water and everyone had no
idea what was going on here you know I
do these things called what a man does a
man goes up to a man asks a woman out
for coffee a man pays for women I'm I'm
a sexist that way I still have told my
man my my son gave me this on oh Dad
you're so establishment I'm like do you
ever want have
sex I'm like then you need to
pay I mean that's the bottom line
anyways but what I would say is I'm
trying to model I'm trying to model good
behavior or or be a good a good role
model but I agree with Constantine and
and Daniel I I think I think every day
they have more potential to lead the
most amazing life in history I'm not a
nihilist I'm not a catastrophist I think
got big problems but given the blessings
of the sons born to these men and future
you know future sons that you'll have
Stephen Jesus it's good to be them
there's just they have no excuse they
should they should they should rock on
they should have a wonderful life
Constantine Scott Daniel thank you so
much for taking the time um at sort of
short notice to talk about all these
subjects it's incredibly wide- ranging
conversation and you'll bring such an
interesting hilarious Nuance perspective
to these issues and I'm glad that we can
have these conversations and disag in a
respectful way that hopefully clarifies
a lot of the confusion that I experience
and a lot of people are experiencing at
the moment so thank you to all of you
I'm going to link all of your work on
the screen I know Scott you've got a
book coming on masculinity which we're
all very very excited about we've been
waiting it's long overdue please hurry
up um Constantine you've got an
incredible podcast with trigonometry
which I'm going to link on the screen
and I suggest everybody goes and listens
to and subscribes to if they're looking
for more of this stuff and Daniel you've
just been on my show already but your
endless amount of books and I think the
best place to get more from you is your
website of course uh your Daniel
Priestly website where you can find all
of your books and all of your work and
everything you're doing there thank you
everybody really really appreciative and
Incredibly grateful for taking part in
our first little of experiment of this
kind so yeah thank you
[Music]
oh